#summary Feature requests.

Issues with the most recent Alliance beta: http://code.google.com/p/alliancep2pbeta/issues/list<br>
We can get feature ideas and bug reports from this.<br>
We should all read this, some issues have already begun development...just read through the comments.

If you're working on a feature, say so here so we don't duplicate work. Once you're done, cross the item out. After we release a version with that feature included, the item can just be deleted.

= Feature requests =

Things on this list are pretty major features, so no need to add them all in one update.

  * Replace the chat system with IRC
     * http://www.jibble.org/pircbot.php
  * Admin users who can chat-silence or totally ban other users, and can send mass PMs
     * I want to keep the source code generic rather than tied to SBU's own Alliance network, so how about this: the user who's invited the most people (in our case Spiderman) is the admin, and maybe they can also appoint moderators
     * Since there isn't a central hub, nothing really identifies a certain collection of users as being "the sbushare network," but since almost everyone connects using Spiderman's code on sbushare.com, we can treat that as an identifier
     * Theres an issue with this -- if we sign off, others will be admins and have those abilities. We _don't_ want that.
  * A managed banlist that we can update from our Google Code page
     * We could also propagate bans by admins to any users that connect to the admins
        * I agree, but this is a back up if we can't figure out how to implement admins.
  * Integrate SSL and basic encryption: http://code.google.com/p/alliancep2pbeta/issues/detail?id=6
     * Do you mean allowing people to connect even if they aren't using the same encryption? I don't even know if that's possible, plus wouldn't it defeat the purpose of a secure connection? If the "experimental" AES option already works, we could get everyone to switch to it and set it as default.
  * Fix the LAN option, so only on-campus people can connect; somehow COner is still connecting despite being off-campus
  * Mass PMs (for admins only)
     * There's something already coded in about mass PM, look for something called !MessageBoard.java or something like that
  * Change ranking to be based off share size, or manually set ranks ourselves (as admins), instead of it being based on number of invited users
     * What would be the use case for admin-set rankings? I suggested basing them on share size because it's convenient to see around how much someone is sharing. Color coding idea for the user stars: 0GB=white, 1=yellow, 5=orange, 10=green, 50=blue, 100=purple, 500=red, 1000=1TB=black, 5TB=_silver_, 10TB=*_gold_*
        * Note that I'm talking about the star colors, which indicate ranking. Chat colors are right now chosen based on username or IP address or something. For those we could either keep the current system but add more colors, or let users choose their own colors.
        * I would like to keep the chat colors varied, though. Most users are the same rank, so that would be too homogeneous, and letting them pick their own colors might make everyone pick red or something.
  * ~~When you start up Alliance, try connecting to previously-online users first, "dead" ones last (so time isn't wasted trying to connect to someone who's been gone for weeks)~~
  * Monitor selected users for new files
     * There's a plugin being developed for that: http://code.google.com/p/alliancep2pbeta/issues/detail?id=36

= Minor features =

These are things that could probably be implemented quickly.

  * ~~Update users' nicknames when refreshing the user list~~
  * ~~Fix searching so "hello world" will match "hello.world" and "Hello, world" (i.e. use regex)~~
  * User status messages like on DC++ (maybe viewable as a tooltip on each user)
  * Allow user list to be sorted by name or by share size, not by ranking

= User interface changes =

Most of these are (probably) minor/quick updates.

  * ~~Add a "check for updates" menu item~~
     * How about a Help menu, with items About (links to Google Code page) and Check for updates
  * In search results, show which users are sharing the files (as a tooltip?)
  * Make chat history length a user setting
     * Also make the default chat length 100, not 50; the chat history length of 500 is fine, since it already takes a second or so to load.
  * ~~I found two more _%Missing translation!%s_ -- open the View -> Invitations tab and hover over the buttons~~
     * And some more when you right-click a friend to "Edit hostname."
  * ~~Fix the "invite a friend" message to mention sbushare.com, not alliancep2p.com~~
  * ~~More chat colors~~
  * More filetype icons for common extensions: exe, pdf, mobi, lit, 7z
  * If the user scrolls the chat window up to read old entries, don't scroll it back down when a new message appears
     * http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2039373/maintaing-jtextarea-scroll-position
     * http://www.jguru.com/faq/view.jsp?EID=16674
  * Assign aliases to shared folders like DC++
  * ~~Change the Debug console shortcut to Ctrl+K, since Ctrl+D is used for Duplicate files~~